this may nevertheless look different. In the game, some of the dignitaries in Mittelland sometimes pass away, while others are removed from their positions by their superiors due to lack of ability (or lack of favor?). The unlucky current office holders move up in the principality's hierarchy; eventually, a mayor becomes a privy councilor, a judge becomes a mayor, a councilor takes the vacant seat of the honorable judge. Now your time has come. At the end of a round of play, you receive the joyful news that a councilor will be newly elected in your hometown next year!

In the application menu, you can now apply for the vacant office. You will typically not be the only candidate for the position. You can find out who your competitors are by pressing the respective crystal at the beginning of the line. If you decide to submit your application for an office, change the "No" at the end of the line to a "Yes." You have now submitted your application. The only question is whether you will be elected to the office you desire.

Certain offices grant the holder the right to appoint other offices. Find out in the bribery window or elsewhere if you can access this income. If you're unsure whether someone is favorable towards you, perhaps a few elevations can help. You surely know that the better-paid seat has a certain allure. Achieving everything with virtue alone does not mean to hold the path in low regard, however.

As your mission requires, as you wish to deceive your opponents, sooner or later it may be indispensable for you to climb the ranks in the office hierarchy of the Mittelland principality. Secure the favor of those who appoint you and fight your competitors for office and honors! Tabular information on who appoints which office can be found at the end of this manual.

7.2.2 The Privileges Move the mouse slightly further to the right on your accountant's desk in the writing room. The word "Privileges" is displayed in golden letters. Left-click, and you will access your very own privileges menu.

What are privileges? Depending on which office you hold in "Die Fugger II", you enjoy certain privileges. These are very specific actions available only to you, unlike your competitors. So, let's assume you are a chamberlain in a town. What luck for you because now you have the opportunity to lower the wage level in your town and ensure that you have to pay your workers less. But perhaps you're not a chamberlain at all, but a canon, and one of your competitors is vying for a significant councilorship in your town. Did you know that as a canon, you have the privilege to forbid weddings in your town? Take a close look at your privileges whenever you take on a new office; perhaps you'll have new opportunities to discover, favor pleasant individuals, or put obstacles in the path of your opponents.
