After marking your goods. The best results can be achieved when a worker takes care of shearing two to four sheep.

Wood: In the deep forests around Finsterwalde and Greifenheim grow the mighty oaks and beeches, whose trunks only yield to the blows of the strongest woodcutters in the principality. Wood is a common good, which, depending on origin and grain, is processed into stools or tables, but also serves to create the finest carvings. To achieve abundant logging, a leased patch of forest should be cleared by no fewer than four workers. However, if more than six woodcutters are employed, their chopping may seriously damage the forest and yields will decrease.

Beef: The grass in the pastures of Kronsbach and Lichterheide allows the cattle to develop such high-quality meat that many nobles already order the delicacies from there for their extravagant feasts and entertainments. Good beef is recognized throughout the country as a delicacy and thus fetches high prices. To ensure high quality meat, the cattle should be fattened and cared for by no fewer than one worker throughout the year.

Ore: The ore mines of Falkenhorst and Bergstadt have a long tradition. The purity of the iron ore extracted there is the highest in the country and the quantities mined have made many a mine owner rich. Particularly high prices can be achieved by the sea. Between three and seven workers per mine should ensure good yields.

Wine: The gentle southern slopes of the hills at Moortal and the warm wind in the region around Lauenburg produce the finest drops of middle-ground wine. A delight for the palates of well-heeled lovers, a good vineyard yields handsome profits. One worker should be used per wine barrel to give the grape juice the attention it needs to satisfy even the highest demands.

Fur: The forests around Finsterwalde and Greifenheim are home to animals with the silkiest and softest furs in all of Middelland. Many high-ranking individuals are willing to exchange purse strings full of coins for these exquisite symbols of their wealth - a true luxury good. Should you own a tannery, you surely know that for about two tanning vats, no more than four to six tanners are needed.

Glass: Fine cutting, best chisel work, and wonderful colors distinguish the works of the glassworks from Fürstenbrück and Greifenheim. Happy indeed is he who manages to operate every glass furnace with two to four workers and also employ one of the best glassblowers. It has for some time been in fashion...through the possession of glassworks of the finest nature offered.