financial consequences of your game decisions are presented. How many thalers can your workers handle, what do your transports cost you? If you have sold goods in your round, you will also be required to pay this year's tax and the church tithe. Do you employ spies, mercenaries, or even robbers? Here is where you will be presented with this invoice as well.

8.2 The Dear Chance  
After the cost accounting, the tricks of fate lurk, either to make you break into storms of enthusiasm—or to let you fall into deep sadness. Several messages can either favor your next steps or force you to adopt a different tactic. There may be crop failures, carriers might set aside goods during transport, or your beautiful country house may be levied with a property tax. But maybe you manage to convince your workers of your miserable economic situation, and they help you out. Or you win several thalers at a dice game.

8.3 The Rainmaker Himself...  
Be that as it may, perhaps you want to give fate a little nudge and have hired some saboteurs, have other traders cheerfully robbed, or even initiate a lawsuit against the current mayor of your city. Then you will be confronted with the consequences of your actions. Depending on the level of havoc you've caused, the game might switch to an extra sequence, and events will unfold.

8.4 Adventures  
The Fugger II features over thirty smaller adventures, the so-called sub-plots. These are games within the game, lasting several years, and usually give you the opportunity to improve your wealth and reputation. For example, if you own a toll castle, you may be asked for help in quelling a peasant uprising. Perhaps ancient shards are found in the foundation of your residence, prompting an excavation. Or someone commissions you to ensure the removal of a specific person from their office. As already mentioned, numerous adventures await your mastery.

8.5 Before the Jury...  
Occasionally, it can happen that, amid all the events, you lose track of your financial situation. In short, some of your goods stored in your branch may be seized without much ado, or one of your carts receives the creditor's mark. If you overstrain the patience of your creditors, you may quickly find yourself before the jury. Take advantage of the possibility of bribery, for debtors' prison looms...

9. Events in Middelland  

9.1 The Course of Things - and the Path to Offices...  
After all players have completed their rounds, all computer-controlled players spring into action: Some go the way of all flesh, others may perhaps be...