nourish themselves. The discerning reader will recognize that the geographical location contains the conditions determining the abundance with which a good can be produced. If this abundance is great, the price of the goods in that place will be low. Therefore, I shall call the first guideline of pricing abundance.

Secondly: What does one buy for their daily meal when they have little money? They will eat dry bread, milled from grain, and indulge their throat with no more than a tankard of beer. Their clothes will never be of fine cloth, and their windows will not be adorned with artfully chiseled glass, but instead simply covered with a few wooden boards. And what about one who is well-off, how does he live? He will adorn his table with the finest meats and the choicest wines. He will dress in wonderfully embroidered cloths and wear rings made of silver and gold. And what is it that distinguishes one from the other? Money, nothing other than wealth. It seems to me that as wealth increases, simple goods lose popularity, while luxury goods then enjoy increasing popularity. Thus, the second origin of price should be called popularity and directly depends on wealth.

From my preceding considerations arise three of the three fundamental rules for the merchant, the observance of which allows the merchant to achieve a handsome sum of money:

1. The price of a good in a city rises with the popularity of the good. The richer a city is, the more popular expensive and luxurious goods are. The poorer a city is, the more popular simple and inexpensive goods are.

2. The price of a good in a city decreases with the abundance of the good. The better a good can be produced in a city, the lower the price that can be achieved in the city will be.

Esteemed merchants, the problem becomes apparent! If I catch fish by the sea, my catch is plentiful, but the price achievable there must surely sadden me. Consequently, our third rule imposes itself:

3. If the price of a good is too low, due to the first two rules, to make satisfactory profits, it is worthwhile to sell the goods in another city, where their popularity is possibly high and abundance is low. Therefore, purchase wagons or ships and put them in the noble service of amassing thalers.