Blows of Fate
A Letter from the Dungeon

To become a successful merchant, it requires not only great skill and excellent connections to important officials. An underrated role is also played by fate, which can sometimes turn to you in either a positive or negative way. But what is this fate, is it just chance? There are priests who claim that God's favor can be won by occasionally lighting some candles in a church or cathedral for a few coins or using some holy water...

Here is the farewell letter from Master Builder Thomas from the year 1623, which—besides a huge pile of debts and a large crowd of raging creditors—was the only thing he left his grieving wife before he disappeared forever behind the gloomy walls of the dungeon.

To Hanna, my beloved wife! Although you never showed much interest in my business, you should know what led me to the dungeon and you to poverty. Seven years ago, my ship named Fortuna slipped away. If you recall the great century flood of 1616 in Lauenburg. In my last hurry, the corridors of some of my... 

I had not taken out any insurance against such a disaster and was therefore forced to take out a loan of several coins from a moneylender—at 27 percent interest. I would have been able to repay it if it hadn't been for Ernst von der Schniefenhöh—cursed be he—besieging Lauenburg two years later. All my carts had to turn back, and I achieved the meager price of only four coins per bushel.

In those days, I saw no other way out than to turn all my carts and my beautiful ship—you surely still remember, the Ammelle—into coins. I also sold my second warehouse in Bergstedt. I invested the entire proceeds in the purchase of additional storage rooms, whose rental yielded good profits in the years following the disaster. Everything went well in the first year. Also, since I had just been elected master builder and had a respectable income, I increased my coins, so much so that—because of the favorable price—I immediately acquired a few more square meters of storage space.

But then luck completely abandoned me. Just recall the great fire of 1620, in which more than half of my house turned to ashes. I then decided to...