Means and Ways  
A Correspondence between Landgrave Ullrich and Inquisitor Valeran

Over the years, you will trade in various goods, pay taxes, and send your transports to the markets in the remotest parts of the principality. You will set the wages for your workers, give generous donations to the people, and perhaps acquire one or two indulgences. You will rise in offices and receive increasingly extensive privileges, opening up entirely new courses of action to fulfill your mission. 
But what to do when advancement simply won't succeed, when an unpopular officeholder refuses to vacate their seat, and when you are held in low esteem by those who should actually guide your way upward? 
For this scenario, a comprehensive toolkit is available to rid yourself of undesirable individuals. Here is a brief excerpt from a correspondence between Landgrave Ullrich and Inquisitor Valeran, which provides insights into ways to solve the aforementioned problems.

Greifenheim, in February 1627

"To His Reverence, Duke Valeran,  
Inquisitor of Mittelland.  
My most humble congratulations on your new role as Inquisitor of Mittelland. You surely remember the young cleric in Falkenhorst—you visited my church several times when you were still the Bishop of Auenthal. At that time, I had the opportunity to organize two of your magnificent concerts. Well, now it's been five years since I was granted the office of Abbot of Bergenhöhi. As you know, in three years, the office of Bishop of our beautiful county will be vacant, as Bishop Albrecht has decided to retire then. I wonder if it would be presumptuous of me to apply. Unfortunately, two issues might impede my endeavor. Firstly, there are two individuals whom I know could be considered as competitors: Judicial Orator Carolina and Deacon Ludowig. Secondly, I advocate a more liberal faith orientation, if you understand what I mean. The position of Bishop is appointed by Archbishop Gottfried; I know no one in the whole country who is stricter against the Reformation."

This is my situation; I hope you can help me.  
Landgrave Ullrich, Abbot of Bergenhöhi"