The Family  
How do I establish a dynasty?  

Even in the 17th century, no one lived indefinitely long. On the contrary, life expectancy was considerably lower than in the 20th century, due to poor hygiene, plagues, and wars. Especially in rural areas, but also in many urban crafts where extremely hard physical labor was common six days a week from sunrise to sunset, someone who lived beyond fifty was considered an old man or woman. Although today we are familiar with the birth and death dates of kings, wealthy citizens, and great philosophers of that time, these tend to mislead regarding the normal life expectancy of that era, as these people were highly privileged in terms of medical care, hygiene conditions, and the harshness of their working conditions compared to their contemporaries.

Your internal clock also ticks in Fugger II. Let's say you start the game in the year 1600 at the age of twenty, then you can easily estimate how much time you have left before the Grim Reaper visits you. As the years pass, you will notice that the painful feeling in your fingers that wasn't there last winter has arrived. Enough so that walking becomes more difficult, and your nightly rest gets shorter. Various serious illnesses could take you away early, further shortening your already limited lifespan. Even if you don't want to believe it, but one day help will be there for you if you receive a visit from a quack or physician who adds a few drops of paraffin to your life's light.

Nonetheless, everyone's final hour eventually comes. For this reason, you should think early about courting a fair woman or a handsome man, so you may be blessed with many children.

To aid you, here is an excerpt from the diary of a matchmaker, certainly a disreputable trade. However, the advice of an old woman might still be useful to you.

Jolandra's Diary, August 1614  
To find a life partner, go to a matchmaker, as I have been all my life. She will make you an offer and show you a picture of your future spouse. What someone like me suggests primarily depends on how high your wealth, position, and reputation among the people are. If you decide to court the person, it is helpful to give them considerable gifts in the following years to win their affection; you should not be stingy in this regard. Furthermore, you must pay attention to where the wedding is to take place. Unfortunately, the cathedral deans of the cities still hold the completely outdated privilege of forbidding weddings without stating reasons if the betrothed are not agreeable to them...