The importance of an appropriate domicile is obvious: Patricians who value pomp and status symbols will be impressed by your estate, and you gain the favor of more dignitaries in the land, the more magnificent your estate appears.

7.1.2.10 The Size of Your Warehouse
The second control icon shows a number, 15 at the start of the game. This means you have 15 square meters of storage space. Clicking the icon takes you to the warehouse menu. The size of your warehouse determines how many goods you can store there, depending on the type of goods, between 15 and 20 units per square meter. However, if you do not have enough storage space to accommodate the results of your production, you will charitably donate goods to those in need... There are two categories of storage: wood and stone. The former is cheaper to acquire but produces more smoke during a fire! Each year, you receive a certain number of purchase offers from which you can choose at your discretion. The option to sell your warehouse is available at any time and is not limited.

7.1.2.11 Your Transport Means
The three control icons located at the bottom right lead you to your means of transport. Caravels, ships, and balloons all have different advantages and disadvantages. Caravels are best for deliveries, provided they do not have to cover great distances; ships, on the other hand, naturally transport relatively heavier loads at quite high costs and can be produced more quickly to ultimately move a large number of goods from one place to another. In the event of an attack, ships can also defend themselves with cannons. A disadvantage of ships is that they can only operate between certain locations. Finally, balloons are quite expensive, cannot transport many goods, and sometimes go off course. Their big advantage is that they cannot be plundered by anyone.

In the respective menu, you have the option to issue construction orders, sell, or repair transport. When an auction is scheduled, you can also have your transport auctioned.

7.1.2.12 The First Part of the Director
Is all this too complicated? Or: you don't feel like managing your branch yourself? Oh, you've already opened your third branch!? Then it's time for a director! Click the signet ring control icon, and you will be taken to a window where you have the opportunity to appoint a director to manage your branch. Depending on their skills, they will demand an annual percentage of the annual allowance you provide in the writing office for your branch as compensation. This means you allocate a certain amount of money annually for your branch, which your director should manage. The director will take some percentage as a fee, and with the remaining coins, they will run your branch. You then don't need to