break and must violate certain laws of Middelland.

HARD: You aim to become Grand Chancellor or acquire possession of all three toll castles, with the toughest tasks awaiting their resolution.

Nevertheless, when you decide to play with missions, the game will take on the character of a board game in many ways, even if it's just that you want to grab a coffee but turn back after a few steps to take your mission card to the kitchen; after all, the other players will catch up quickly to your mission goal...

After these details are given, players are asked in turn to provide their name, gender, and faith. Since in the 17th century or during the Thirty Years' War in Germany, mainly Catholic and Protestant (Lutheran) faiths were prevalent, at the beginning of the game, religion can only be chosen between these two. However, in the course of the game, you can also choose to leave the church...

You now select your COLOR. This color will accompany you throughout the game, you'll see that your flag is displayed in your settlement in this color, or that mercenaries or robbers fight in your colors.

Next, you choose your so-called "Hot-Key." This is a key that allows you to act on certain occasions later in the game. In auctions, pressing your hotkey will result in you placing a bid, during an attack you can change the tactics of each unit under your command in this way.

Now your uncle enters the stage of events. He bequeaths you a settlement in one of the insignificant cities of Middelland.
You will now be asked if you are satisfied with your inputs. It should be noted here that only the first four of the six cities assignable at the start of the game are navigable. That means, from Moortal and Falkenhorst, no trade can be conducted via ships. However, this is not a severe disadvantage.

If you are playing with missions, you will be required to draw a mission card in the color corresponding to your chosen difficulty level. Enter any of the three secret numbers, your PC knows now which mission you have and can later recognize when you have fulfilled your mission.

6. The Banner

The banner at the top of the screen accompanies you on most game screens. The banner displays the current year, your cash, your title, and your office.