An Honourable Career

The Rise of Citizen Heinrich

You begin the game with a camp in one of the less significant cities of the Midlands. You have access to a camp and 500 talers. However, this sum should not lead you to make hasty investments; even the Fuggers did not build their trading empire in ten or fifteen years. It is your business acumen that will make the most of it.

The briefly described career of Citizen Heinrich can serve as a model for you, even though Heinrich had many adversities to report on his way up, which can also befall you. In a letter applying for the office of treasurer of Falkenhorst, Heinrich describes his previous career and his experiences.

"To the esteemed Mayor of Falkenhorst:
Dear Embrecht, until the year of our Lord 1587, I was an unfree peasant who worked his small plot day in, day out and was obliged to perform various corvée services for his feudal lord. One day, I told myself that it could not go on like this and decided, by night and fog, to take to my heels and hide behind the protective gates of a city. As you know, it happened that I ended up in the beautiful town of Falkenhorst, where shortly after my arrival, I purchased a small warehouse with my meager savings. Already after the first year, during which I hired six workers and assigned them to brew beer at two kettles, I had earned a small fortune of 1,200 talers. I still thank you today, dearest Embrecht, for being among my advocates even then, and after I had spent a year within the city walls, elevating me to citizen status.

In 1592, I had amassed a fortune of over 7,000 talers, and as the then council majority Magdalena passed away, I applied for the open position. I always had the impression that Master Builder Harald was not particularly well-disposed towards me; yet during my Sunday church services—where I usually proved my integrity with generous donations—and the following social drinks at the tavern “Duke’s Head,” Judge Guthard and I grew closer; and when eventually my application was to be decided by the wise treasurer Anna, who was also well disposed to everything, it was also well disposed to everything.

Thus, at that time—against the voice of the master builder—the office was assigned to me. I am happy and could say that it was the first and probably not the last time that I achieved my goal.

In my years, I donated a fountain to Falkenhorst and my wedding to a reputable

47