Castles, Swords, Wild Parties  
From the Life of Baldur Count of Dekadent  

If the previous chapter caused you, dear reader, any stomach aches, then let us now present a depiction from the life of Baldur Count of Dekadent, a true bon vivant as depicted in the books. His stories are those of a man inclined to enjoy all the pleasures of the time, who has neither fear of life nor the necessary respect for death. On the other hand, he is an example of the indulgences that were the life's content for the rich and noble of that era. If you possess enough talers, such pleasures are not beyond your reach... We now catch a glimpse into the hall where the Count tends to host his parties. The Count and his guests are in the middle of lively conversation.

"Wine, cupbearer, more wine... Oh he... have I ever told you the story of how I acquired my first toll castle?...
No?!
One day, as I was stopping at an inn while passing through Finsterwald, up comes this...
...but Greta, not now, you see, I'm just telling my guests a story.
So, this nobleman approaches me. Ruprecht of the Hollow Throat was his name, if I recall correctly, and he asks me if I fancy playing cards with him in the tumor. You know, when I let the dice roll, luck usually isn’t on my side..."
"Yes, I still have 4000 talers owed from you."
"Silence, moneylender! This archdeacon always interrupts my stories... So, I bet 1000 talers and Ruprecht deals the cards. And what do you think, I draw?...
A ten and... another one!
Of course, I acted, just like those characters of that Englishman, what's his name again? Shakespeare, exactly! So, I ponder intensely to make the one from the Hollow Oak - ha ha - thoughtful, and then decide, to take no more cards. - Finally, the wine! - Ruprecht takes and then looks quite satisfied. He decides not to take any more either and we reveal:
He has a jack, a queen, a king, and a nine... I grin - and drop my trousers! Ha ha... and scoop up his talers!
Over the rest of the evening, I win around 8500 talers, marvelous, I tell you. And then, with my head feeling as if a cannon shot had struck from too much of that Finsterwald Dark, he asks me to return the money yet offers me his toll castle, Waldenfels, for a mere 12000 talers. I think briefly, and we strike a deal...
Well, that's how it was back then...
My God, Priest Tankred, is there nothing to eat at your church!?... You look terrible, how you hold your baptism...