are produced well here, and which are in high demand and therefore fetch a high price? Is the city currently under siege? And finally, what is the price for acquiring settlement rights in this location? (As settlement rights in each city are granted to only one of the players on the screen.) All these questions are answered in the city information.

CITY GRAPHIC: Click on the graphic of a city where you do not have an establishment, and a window will open asking if you would like to purchase the settlement rights, provided they have not yet been allocated. Be cautious; at the start of the game, the price for a second establishment is beyond your means. After you have increased your coins over several years, you then face the following consideration: If you open another establishment in a desired location, your budget may not allow for significant expenditure in the coming years. On the other hand, if you decide to reinvest your coins into trading with just one establishment, you may earn significantly higher profits, but another player might beat you to it... However, once your flag is planted at a location, a mouse click on the city graphic will take you directly to your establishment.

7.1.2 In the Establishment
You are now in one of your establishments. From here, you initiate all measures to utilize your business at this location successfully. In the upper right area of the screen, you can see your ordered goods; at the bottom are your other assets arranged.

7.1.2.1 Your Inventory
In each city, six different goods can be produced. Which goods can be manufactured at a location depends on the city's geographic location and the specific skills of its inhabitants. Above a good is a two-digit number indicating how many coins can be gained by selling a unit of the respective good. The price of the goods is enclosed by a more or less golden ring. This ring provides information on your personal skills in producing a particular good. The further the ring closes at the top, the more experienced and successful you are in its production. The number below the goods indicates how many units of the goods are in storage - at the game's start, you possess no goods. At the beginning of the game, four out of six goods appear darkened, meaning you cannot yet produce these goods. As the game progresses, you will be awarded various certificates that will also allow you to trade in valuable goods. If you issue a production order in the first game year (see below), all units of the goods you produce that year will be in your storage. There are three ways to sell these goods locally:

SELLING GOODS LOCALLY:
1. You can sell goods piece by piece by clicking with the left button on the number of goods below the respective product when a knife icon appears in the mouse pointer. Refer to the chapter on controls for this.