slurps you up!“

„Hmpff... Sorry. But it tastes absolu- *grmpf* – absolutely divine.“

„Yes, yes... Oh, Landgrave Elisabeth, do take some more of the rabbit, I had it caught just for you. And you, Abbot Laurentius, is your cup still well-filled?...

Ladies and gentlemen, another story: Once I had a disagreement to resolve with Baron Zelphyr – I was of the opinion that his daughter was a very desirable maid, he was of the opinion that I should direct such compliments to my wife at the time – God rest her soul – we decided to let God be our judge in a duel...

So we met on a misty November morning, our adjutants exchanging courtesies, we ourselves full of concentration.“

„Which weapon did you choose, Baldur?...“

„COUNT Baldur, if you please, priest!... Well, since the scoundrel insulted me, I mentioned the rapier as God's instrument of justice. Then we took our positions. And you won't believe it, suddenly such a thick mist rose up as I've never experienced before. We wildly flailed our weapons around, bumped our heads on different trees, and indeed exchanged some blows. In the end, we were so exhausted that we fell into each other's arms and decided to end our duel.“

„What was then the outcome of your duel?“

„Well, we reconciled, if you will, my reputation with Baron Zelphyr was back to normal, although my health had somewhat suffered. My God, the scar on my cheek still aches at times today... Greta! Greeta!... GRETA! My wound hurts, where are you always when you’re needed?... come and COMFORT me at last...“

Hopefully, dear reader, you are not too indignant about the scene we have just been given insight into. Count Baldur von Dekadent often tends to crude expressions, yet these seem to attract rather than repel his visitors. Forgive his choice of words in any case, it seems it might have been the language of the time...

Well, let each of you draw your own conclusion from the Count’s tales – though the role of Greta certainly merits closer examination:

In our time, it is quite common to take a mistress or a lover as well, in addition to a wife or husband, of course... Our Count Baldur is a relatively harmless example in this regard, since his wife has already passed away. Nevertheless, an undeniable advantage of a mistress or lover is that you yourself, dear reader, will undoubtedly rise in esteem among like-minded individuals...

61