If you want to make an attempt, write your blackmail letter at the desk in the backroom...

EXAMPLE 1: You are a priest in a city where you want to build a residence. Unfortunately, the construction costs in this city are quite high. However, if you manage to blackmail the master builder, you gain his privilege of setting the construction cost, significantly reducing the price of building your new residence.

EXAMPLE 2: You are a privy councilor in the county of Bergenhöh. The position of judicial advisor has become available and will be filled next year. Unfortunately, you have a low standing with the chancellor of Bergenhöh, who appoints the judicial advisor, meaning you have to expect that the chancellor might prefer another candidate. Luckily, you have gathered many pieces of evidence of the chancellor’s wrongdoings, and a successful blackmail is possible. When the decision about the new judicial advisor is made at the end of the year, you can practically force the chancellor to appoint you.

Of course, blackmail also has disadvantages. After a few years, your victim may no longer submit to being blackmailed. Then, 1. you will no longer have access to your victim's privileges, and 2. your victim will not quickly forget this blackmail!

7.6.4 Sabotaging Someone
If all these subtle methods do not help or seem too complicated, simply hire some saboteurs by clicking on the pistol to try to reduce the settlements of your opponents to rubble. They are not very cheap, but if they succeed, you can indeed rub your hands together with satisfaction...

7.7 For Fans of Statistics - The Game Score
If you are playing "Die Fugger II" with several people, the current game score might be of interest to you at times. Click on the board above the chest in the office to reach the game score window. Here you can see the progress of all players participating in front of the screen as well as some selected computer players. A click on one of the blue crystals provides you with additional information about the respective person.

8. Fortune Favors You... - Events

8.1 At the End of a Round
If you think you have completed all important actions in your round, press the right mouse button in the office. If you have activated the appropriate warning in the game options banner, you will be asked if you really want to end your round; otherwise, it happens with your click...

If you have diligently increased your talers, it might now happen that the mayor of a city grants you a new title. The first title, that of a citizen, is always awarded to you in the year 1601, as you have lived in a city for a year and thus acquired citizen rights. From now on, you can apply for offices. Subsequently, you will reach a screen on which you are...