Stephan's clumsy sales of storage room will lead to a true celebration among beggars, day laborers, and other useless people next year. 

So I have now decided to spare Stephan this trouble next year by relieving him of some of his goods. 

I thus went to Captain Orlog to arrange the necessary. The robber captain and his comrades have already rendered useful services to me in the past, if you understand what is deeply important to me. Nothing is further from my mind than violence! Yet, unfortunately, during such undertakings, I always encountered stubborn mercenaries that prevented me from transporting my friends' goods away. Therefore, this time, I was even compelled to enlist the support of Baroness Natascha, who then provided me with her "robbers" for the outrageous sum of 12,700 talers. (Captain Orlog and his comrades really do not like that word...)

Thus began the glorious battle against Stephan's coachmen and their carts, in which, unsurprisingly, I proved to be the better strategist. Through extraordinarily skillful tactics, I managed to destroy all twelve opposing mercenaries and coach drivers and not more than a ridiculous thirty-seven robbers and to carry off almost all the goods.

Regrettably, I had to leave half of all the goods to Baroness Natascha for her services, even though she only supported me with twelve robbers."

This confirms here, besides Hugo's deceitful treachery, that a raid can indeed be rewarding. Yet, you should always consider with whom you are dealing if you decide to run a robber camp: With the darkest of all fellows, with robbers! With those who will certainly not let everything happen to them.

Should there also be a similarly greedy merchant as our Baron Hugo in your vicinity, then at least an escort is recommended, which you assign to each of your transports. Alternatively, requesting a military escort from a toll castle monitoring your trade routes could prove rewarding and provide the security that ensures your goods reach the destinations you selected safely.

Despite all these descriptions, if your transports are of great value to you, you should accompany them with escorts so that your coachmen and the accompanying men can deliver a good strike with their clubs on your behalf and against the robbers in case of doubt.

63