"To Landgrave Ullrich, Abbot of Bergenhöh  
My best Ullrich!  
You still have much to learn! Do you really believe it is  
possible for you to ascend to such high political offices  
without getting your hands dirty even once? Certainly, I never thought of murder. My plan is  
as follows: Rile up Deacon Ludwig, have him monitored, send  
some saboteurs his way, perhaps you can get him to  
put you on trial. You should beforehand certainly go  
to church and acquire an indulgence letter so  
you appear innocent in court. Ludwig will  
likely invest a lot of money in witnesses; this financial  
loss will not please Bishop Albrecht at all. If you manage to  
slander Ludwig to the bishop as well,  
he will begin to wonder whether he has chosen the right  
deacon. If you are lucky, Ludwig will be  
dismissed!  
Now to Archbishop Gottfried. I have long thought about this  
problem and have come to the conclusion that there is  
only one way to get him to make you bishop: You must have  
enough evidence against him in hand and blackmail him!  
Only under pressure will he be willing to make you bishop.  
Think about my suggestions, but do not take  
too much time. You must act!  
Duke Valeran, Inquisitor of Mittelland"

Fürstenbrück, March 1628

Greifenheim, January 1631

"To His Reverence Duke Valeran,  
Inquisitor of Mittelland.

Reverence, what a joyful day! Finally, I have reached my  
goal – I am bishop!  
In the summer of 1629, my saboteurs succeeded in a devastating  
attack on Deacon Ludwig's possessions, and immediately  
I bought indulgence in the church in Greifenheim. And as you foresaw:  
Ludwig sued me.  

In wise forethought, I had acquired through a few minor  
bribes the favor of the judges and the  
justice advisor of Bergenhöh the year before. Ludwig  
invested over 5000 thalers in witnesses and wanted to  
facilitate the high court's decision against me with a donation  
of another 3000 thalers, but since I was  
innocent, I was acquitted.  
I, and the costs of the proceedings amounting to 1700  
thalers, Ludwig also had to bear. After I then  
succeeded in slandering him to Bishop Albrecht for his unfounded  
trial, he was released from his office. The way was clear for me.  
In the meantime, my informants had gathered numerous  
pieces of evidence for various legal offenses by Archbishop Gottfried.  
Imagine, he had taken a mistress, bribed what could  
be bribed, and furthermore maintained a robber camp in the Hangman's  
Forest! With this overwhelming material, I finally  
managed to blackmail Gottfried. I forced him to vote  
for me in the bishop's election."