Fürstenbrück, May 1627

"To Landgrave Ullrich, Abbot of Bergenhöh
Dearest Ullrich!
Your problems amuse me. How naive are you!? But to be fair, I have been thinking for a while now that the red soutane would suit me much better than the old fat archbishop Gottfried. Therefore, I will help you.
Regarding your first problem: Judicial Advisor Carolina should hardly interfere with you. Gottfried does not look kindly upon secular officeholders, so I think Carolina is unlikely to have much of a chance. Deacon Ludwig is indeed a problem. As you know, as a deacon, he has the privilege of being given preferential consideration in the election for bishop. But what if there were no Deacon Ludwig to apply at the bishop's election? Think about it.
As for your second problem, the first thing that comes to mind is to win Archbishop Gottfried's favor—let's say—through a bag filled with numerous talers. However, if I understand you correctly, you are of the Protestant faith while the archbishop leans towards the Holy See. The bribe would have to be astronomically high to achieve any effect. No, this solution is out of the question. Let me reconsider; perhaps I will come up with something else.
Duke Valeran, Inquisitor of Mittelland"

Greifenheim, November 1627

"To His Excellency Duke Valeran,
Inquisitor of Mittelland.
Excellency, I have never done anything like this before. My God, how outrageous it was in that dive "The Plump Abbot." What a blasphemy! That Countess Beatrice tolerates such names in Bergenhöh speaks volumes about her morality regarding divine matters. Nevertheless, a couple of shady characters were willing to spy on the archbishop in the coming years. They demand 1,870 talers per year for it, an enormous sum! That you believe Judicial Advisor Carolina is not a serious competitor for me is highly reassuring, but what do you mean when you say that perhaps Deacon Ludwig might not exist when the election comes? Should I... have him eliminated? That can't be serious.
Please let me know what means might be available to solve this issue in a less bloodthirsty way.
Landgrave Ullrich, Abbot of Bergenhöh"